L3T03

========= Task 1: Answers =========

Q1: How does the waterfall methodology differ from agile?

A: 
1. The waterfall methodology follows a linear and sequential approach. 
Consequently, it is quite rigid. In contrast, the agile methodology focusses on
interative development. Consequently, this method is more flexible.

2. The waterfall methodology is used when the project requirements are clear 
from the beginning and unlikely to change. In contrast, the agile approach can
better adapt to evolving requirements and changes during the development process.

3. The waterfall methodology delivers the project once it is fully developed. 
In contrast, the agile method allows for a first prototype to be delivered 
and to be continuously worked on while taking into account user feedback.

4. The waterfall model takes in client/user feedback at the beginning and end of 
the process. In contrast, the agile model gathers it continuously.

5. The waterfall model has a higher risk to discover errors later on in the 
development process. In contrast, the agile model allows errors to be discovered 
more quickly. 


Q2: Reread “Agile Manifesto”. Can you think of a situation in which one or more 
of the four “values” could get a software team into trouble?

A: Prioritising a working software over comprehensive documentation could lead 
to difficulties later on in the development process when processes are being 
reevaluated or are trying to be understood by other team members. In this case, 
the software might be working but lacks the necessary documentation to be 
properly read and understood by the whole team. 
This could become a particular problem if one of the team members had left and/or
new features need to be built on the existing model. 


Q3: Describe the agile method in your own words.

A: The agile method is an approach to software engineering that prioritises 
flexibility, an interative process, and collaboration. It focusses on 
breaking down the development process into multiple, small parts and on 
develivering first results quickly. It works very close with the user and 
implements user or client feedback quickly. It contrasts a linear approach and 
therefore allows for a rapid adaption to changing requirements. 
In sum, its goal is to quickly present a working software through customer 
collaboration, responding to change, and focussing on individuals and 
interactions.


Q4: Why do you think requirements change so much?

A: I believe there are multiple reasons why requirments change so much: 
- Business needs can change rapidly. This can be caused by changing markets, 
changing demand, internal changes (e.g. a change in personell), 
or any other external developments (e.g. changing regulations)
- The requirments might be unclear in the beginning and only develop during the 
process.
- Technological advancements might change requirements too.
- Depending on what the users are saying, requirments can also change. E.g. if 
the client changes his mind or if the user is not satisfied. 
- During the devlopment process, the team might come up with new ideas that 
were not thought about before.


Q5: Explain why first testing project features helps the programmer to develop 
a better understanding of the system requirements.

A: Pre-task unit tests: 
It helps the programmer to be clearer about the requirements. Writing tests 
forces programmers to think clearly about how is should work but also about how 
it should NOT work. Translating this into multiple test cases helps to 
make the process less abstract. 
Furthermore, considering scenarios in which the program might fail can help to 
uncover gaps that can be early on clarified with the client. 

Iterative development: 
Testing only project features iteratively can then help to get client and user
feedback quickly. Thus, the programm can be validated instantly. 
From here, the software can be gradually improved and project features one by 
one refined. 

Overall, first testing project features helps to truly capture the requirements
and aligning the process with those. 
